when you find so you decide to stay in her class  face with tears of joy  winking face 
not a single reporter noticed that hillary is entire staff was on death is door and a doctor was following her around?
jim schwartz has faced 2 teams as defensive coordinator. both starting qb is have left the game injured.
go gettum jared!
arsenal did not deserve to win either so?
if you sit this election out and trump wins by a few votes, many people are going to be dealing with that reality for their entire lives.
dinner cookie. the very second cyndi met david. , this pic means the world to me. you are the best.
3. yes, the romance is a total failure.
if i wanted to spend my time arguing, i would call my mother. i come to twitter to laugh and send out random twat shots. you know, to have fun.
reading now. this is absolutely fantastic.
gente acabei de ver o cachecol  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  nós somos fodas! wendigo all over again
classic to try and spin an innocent protest into making it seem like he was going to be assassinated.
‘she’s a great role model’ sturgeon breaks protocol to urge americans to back clinton
i would talk your mom into swallowing instead.
i just saw this. this is a good tweet.
amazing how high emotions go once you make subscriptions visible. but paid updates aka "hidden subscriptions" cause old app breaks are fine.
maybe she does not do windows. directed her maid to print out classified materials via
could care less about celebs i care abt the mccarthyism against ppl w/ differing opinions &amp; irresponsible blind eye to hrc is crimes
nah you are not the jazz are not that good in my opinion either
i just got a press email for a bike lock kickstarter campaign. email said i am getting it because i previously wrote about fashion.  thinking face 
anyone remember me tweeting before the season saying "i just do not buy the nyr being bad this year." desperately trying to find the tweet.
is it over yet? is it safe yet to come back on the interwebs?
i am gonna finish my essay and then go to the gym  smiling face with smiling eyes 
in this case, trump is right. the fbi investigation was rigged.no grand jury; immunity deals; fbi destroys evidence.
pennsylvania is focused! election day is 3 weeks away!
ha! that was recorded in 2002 years before it was released. had 4 tracks, a hand held microphone, &amp; good weed
thanks for the invite tonight.....  face with rolling eyes  face with rolling eyes 
the world turned upside down: hillary clinton defends reagan and wants to stand up to the russians. the gop candidate, not so much.
ty chef for that delicious episode on how to make spaghetti  face with tongue  face with tears of joy 
started watching on youtube. have not finished but i am seeing your point.
just seen this on facebook, thought it was a great little read.
courtney kube reporting from the pentagon on this issue: advance notice helps civilians to prepare, not just isis.
that is decidedly not what you have been doing. wanting to tear down a working system is unstable.
. i am pretty sure chris wallace got the remaining 6%.
even though is a disaster and my own husband (who has raped multiple women) has admitted that, i still stand for it! no change!
contempt for hillary...sure i despise her ,her lies and what she represents: corruption. apparently stuff you like..
how big the state of california is compared to the east coast
if ur skinny, pls stop saying you are fat cause you make girls with a little extra chub appear obese
(hint: he is lying on *every* issue.  winking face )
anyways good night! loved debating w and will pray fo u folded hands: medium-light skin tone 
i love my new hat heart with arrow 
hillary is pedestrian and over-programmed, but never made a notable mistake across 3 debates
when we are experiencing fear, anxiety, and/or anger (so imagine all three), our ability to empathize takes a hit.
words cannot express my excitement for on  woman dancing  woman dancing  woman dancing  4am baby!!!
the facts are incredible too wow
just landed in ohio. thank you america- i am honored to win the final debate for our movement. it is time to…
you downloaded some weird shit... has never happened to me
sure it does. idf ass…
consumerism wants us to give up on our individuality and hate ourselves so we are constantly trying to ~be~ something they are sellin to us
sorry, everyone. we have been wrong all this time. fact checking is not what matters. this guy is anecdotal life exper…
unbelievable! hillary told world response time 4 launching nukes! ... by via
she handed hillary a debate question ahead of time. bernie supporters care
if by funeral, you mean resurrection, then yes. can not wait to see your hype video praising it
poll: who won the final presidential debate?
therefore, have to trust they will use wisdom and judgement to come to right decisions on unknown unknowns
you are a hard man to find when you want to be...
in honor of tonight is here is 17 year old sam ~acting~ as columbia complete with a sexy corset/sports…
this is what happens when a republican nominee can not even hold the line in traditional swing states
*wipes tear* guess i will be doing this for the final time.... "is this the nx?"
sry i will take allan lichtmans political science predictions over bought &amp; paid 4 network polls
initial thoughts. seems like a solid idea for a console. i wonder how much of a performance hit going mobile will be?
well for now they nailed it. we may come to find that there is little toads on hamster wheels for a processor and that would be  thumbs down: light skin tone 
thanks for the shout out! to note we are in charleston, sc not nc (we are very proud of our hometown lol)
blaming india lets em to feel good, and ignore horrific reality at home.
how to build a sb winner. need a top 2 unit on either off or def in dvoa. neither side of roster close right now for bucs.
fancy! co-conspirator in mangano complaint allegedly paid for a massage chair for mangano &amp; limo service for vend…
very clear now that uk membership of single market a gateway to indyref2 in scotland. time to dynamite the bridges. they have forced our hand
mary grace needs to stop trying to fuck the local priest
it is useless to snort playdough. believe me.
throw this in the mix
island folks got caribbean magic in their loins.
but, time will tell how her 3 years affects public perception of her... and whether she even stands a chance of winning the office again.
on everything i just put my head down and walked back into the office  face with tears of joy 
can not wait to see who can be the first to drop the nasty woman ep. ? ? ?
ugh, my cable modem internet is out this morning &amp; now i can not find the dilbert parody i tried &amp; failed to retweet that the app recommended.
my fav is still commie jen
i just saw this on tumblr, and it may be the worst thing i have ever seen.
would u take your child is life to save your wife is?? are not parents suppose to protect their children.
i was distracted and i potted the 8 ball
got offered jeremy maclin for allen robinson. ?
wikileaks drops podesta mail drip, drip, drip continues following hillary is eye-crossed disaster debate last night - bye hrc
false information
while "nintendo switch" is an accurate name for the product, i got accustomed to calling it "nx" and was okay with that being the final name
it is through the mass percolation of grossly farcical eurocentric lies that allows schools to serve as surrogates of power &amp; suppression.
and we are off! to phoenix then albuquerque!
it is almost like kanye just realized jay was using him and does not need him anymore.
big scary cve
terrified that trump will be a challenge to hillary and draw broad support from unions.
in australia... driving the coastline, reminded of the beauty found throughout the world &amp; renewing my commitment t…
i want that deep inside of me.
i just ate turkey :o
moderator: hillary paid $225,000 by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” that’s a quote!
awesome! the mothers of the movement will not be around to see the effects of it in 20-30 years only we will, congrats bro
we build apps remotely!our portfolio ☞ let’s talk :) email to ☞ leads.com  telephone  (212) 209 1537
want access to crooked hillary? do not forget - it is going to cost you!
to livestream my concert tonight or to not livestream my concert tonight?
i feel like it did make an impact. just might not be enough for this election (unless some really juicy stuff gets leaked)
obama says his departure may fix what ails obamacare
how do you find that on properties?
does this work?
if you compare apples to apples it looks like this:
today i am starting a new job at . it would not be a new job without a blog post, would it?  writing hand 
i can not make any sense of it. are there similar examples out there to compare this theory to?
yes finally i can say it yes.
7th &amp; bryant was closed until a few min ago due to a suspicious pkg. hoy! jamba is open now.
i only rate as a "mauvais homme," which does not sound dastardly enough.
this is as close as the news media is allowed to get to the scene of a fatal fire northeast of weeping water in rur…
megyn kelly grills dnc chair on sharing town hall question with clinton camp
who won the debate ?
a child in pakistan polishes shoes to earn a living pic via
“please do not interrupt the script.” – living life according to the scriptures  folded hands: medium skin tone 
(with subscription support plans  winking face ). but yeah, that is great. would love more payg in b2c. everyone chasing that recurring revenue.
about to go home and make something in my new crock pot because i am a fucking adult.
total bs article my 400 meter times always slower after cigars many cancers associated w/ cigars
approved repub. nominees for scotus.
i am no longer replying lol
china along with north korea will easily dominate the area and will sink japan &amp; south korea in a minute
i hate when people think i am playing hard to get, i am not playing hard to get i just do not like you lol
why christian leader jerry falwell jr is standing by trump. in his own words:
does not matter how much autonomous tech they develop, they will not own the means of manufacturing the cars
killing it on with she has solid thoughts and does her best to keep it balanced. the best fox has right now
hillary and donald seem to be getting along. chatting away with a cardinal dolan dmz at the al smith dinner.…
its dissapointing when the promotion has been so great &amp; the core game is a step up
fundamental difference between trump wealth &amp; clinton wealth. trump created value to get rich. hillary sold access and favors to make $!
so my flight was cancelled, and because booked me on ana for my connection i am stranded in tokyo without hotel.
shoutouts to and and you guys are the current generation. keep playing and keep winning
there is a medium of picking and choosing the things that are most entertaining for your characters
who is been to clyde fraziers?
a tortured life.
improvisation 27 (garden of love ii) by wassily wassilyevich kandinsky (1812)
no you said i am a muslim without knowing it so you might think hillary is a muslim too right
prophet muhammad freed the slaves, gave women their rights, condemned racism, and forgave ppl who harmed him and other muslims
he was safe and you know it
quit showing off, vereen. -ma
let is help all... except the unborn, the elderly, those who disagree with me., etc.
i have been on twitter for 2 years now and i thank all of my friends and followers who have stayed with me :)
so, can i send you my measurements? (i do not wear lbds.)  winking face 
there is no us election. there is power consolidation. rigged primary, rigged media and rigged 'pied piper' candidate drive consolidaiton.
watch hillary clinton is full remarks at the al smith charity dinner
tonight in san francisco at harlot san francisco with my perfect driver music crew
writing a check for your seed round immediately
i would have fucked him the fuck up if he ever laid a finger on me or any girl period. his friends are fucked up fo…
lets play zesty
jake taylor should have been hitting 9th in that lineup. not 2nd.
i want more specs before i think of purchasing it. what do u think? …
it is a damn shame re-reading some shit rolling on the floor laughing 
congratulations to our new national security advisor, general h.r. mcmaster. video:
watch: dwayne johnson calls cm punk live in ring after  amonday night raw'
why are and i still up? it is late, for god is sake.
. is game plan this week: get ready, retail could be a blood bath
where historic forbes field meets downtown pittsburgh.
your performance in was a stunning piece of apologist theater. equating antisemitism to balls and strikes...
comrades of color: east germany in the cold war world
jw president was on this morning discussing trump is weekend trips costing taxpayers millions
come hike the ; discover " in the tallgrass" via
nyc'ers - what is your favorite nice lunch spot very near 18th/6th ave?
if you see anyone on the same tour they are 99% gonna perform the same setlist..
this globalization impact is the engine of conservatism is descent into fascism: mapping nationhood to culture, cree…
why is shabbaz in this. nyk give crumbs for a young bench scorer. not enough back.
we ai not playin..gonna work hard today. slimetime fornadine
i do not really agree but i support your excitement &amp; launching!
you have proven how real of a friend you are
an avocado cost 5 bucks at giant food.
bull captured after wild chase through jamaica, queens
eric church sam hunt jake owen lee brice and jason aldean im fucking ready for route 91 holy shit  OK hand: light skin tone  OK hand: light skin tone 
a fair point. but with cambridge analytica and the like, these days just about anyone with money can get unparalleled (in history)info
a4 of course this guy was really colorful:)
all joking aside, i hope he can turn them around. i would love to see a cavs/lakers finals someday.
spicer says priority is to deport people in u.s. illegally who have committed crimes.
you can take the boy out of cambridge...
i’m not certain, but i think an intl wire transfer involves a voodoo spell that requires 3 confirmations to process and a carrier pigeon.
update: it ended the way we thought it would.
literally just happened to me, failed tf out of my exam just now :)
yes. national health insurance would make it so much easier to start a small biz. that would help revitalize the mi…
i did not vote on a false premise so stop trying to speak for me. you can only speak for yourself nobody else.
rss "republisher" to twitter, à la twitterfeed? google feedburner? looks hideous, hard to config but works.
school asks teachers to take down pro-diversity posters, saying they are "anti-trump"
mitch kupchak is useless without jerry west. horrible horrible horrible gm.
asking the important questions tbh
you’ve seen everything already
it is the responsibility of educators to provide resources to allow students to expand their knowledge, &amp; that includes about current events.
has paid asis for this webinar?
landed in sydney for 1st-ever visit of an israeli pm to australia. thanks for the warm welcome. i am far from israel…
well me being a christian i am torn between this , i believe in trump , we are 20 trillion in debt. jw
hi. i am trying to read 100+ books this year, and i need your absolute top-tier recs around 200 pages.
girl i am throwing a massive rooftop party in honor of national moscow mule day ... friday march 3 .. come !
flags doesn’t imply bitfield to me. why does that imply bitfield to you?
well they are all the same so..
trying to small talk w the squad like
do it! see hamilton, donate to . it is a win-win-win situation!
he is a killer blocker. perfect backup te and short yardage lead blocker
warrentonka is a "do as i say, and not as i do" persona, with her little tomahawk and coup stick.
cop mizan...site of a terrible green on blue attack shortly before my sqn got to zabul. we never did find the guys…
this tweet will be plagiarized, i just feel it
he should bring mike back.
i am saying though... haha. we hitting our mid 20 is. who has time for games anymore!? lol
rt if you would like to see me with my own show?!? let is make it happen
sooo, i have been thinking about this and i want in into
happening a lot today. gop congresspeople figuring out we hate their robber-baron collusion and mean-spirited ideas.
i have been harassed and retaliated against simply for having a conversation with this whistleblower...
